Your favorite streamer is live.
The money I bought last time is probably not enough.
Forget it, good people do it to the end
I asked Chu Feng to do me such a big favor yesterday
Today I'm going to cook a meal and take a good look at my wife
But I can't cook.
Forget it, you can't eat dead people anyway
What's that smell?
Hmm, is there still any food in my pot?
The weather is nice today, yeah.
What about cooking?
Me oh
Why don't I do it?
You believe me
Thanks.
The feeling of hugging Chu Feng just now
Why are you so similar to the person from that night?
Lin Shishi, what are you thinking?
Chu Feng helped you yesterday
How could it be the villain in the position of the right woman?